Update webtop5.rst (#606)
NethServer/docs: administrator-manual/en/webtop5.rst

Through the :guilabel:`Add` button it will be possible to select which custom fields to use among those already created in the panel.

Manage identities
=================

In :menuselection:`settings --> mail --> identities` click :guilabel:`Add` and fill in the fields

.. image:: _static/webtop_manageident1.png

> It is possible to associate the new identity with a folder in your account or of a shared account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

**Local account:**

.. image:: _static/webtop_manageident2.png

**Shared account:**

.. image:: _static/webtop_manageident3.png

Otherwise the sent mails will always end up in the "Sent Items" folder of your personal account.

Mailcards of user and domain
============================

One of the main features of managing signatures on WebTop is the opportunity to integrate images or custom fields profiled per user.

To use the images you need to upload them to the public cloud through the WebTop admin user like this:

.. image:: _static/webtop-public_images.png

> You can use the :guilabel:`Upload` button to load an image which is at the bottom or simply via a drag & drop.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can load an image with drag&drop or using the :guilabel:`Upload` button on the bottom.
```

.. note::

  Remember that the public images inserted in the signature are actually connected with a public link.

>   To be visible to email recipients, the server must be reachable remotely on port 80 (http) and its FQDN name must be publicly resolvable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To be visible to email recipients, the server must be publicly reachable remotely on port 80 (HTTPS).
```

Finally, select a time interval and click on :guilabel:`Next` to export into a CSV file.

Tasks
=====

Quick view filters
------------------

In the toolbar above the grid there are 7 buttons that allow you to select the most suitable quick view.
The first two buttons refer to today's activities or to those planned within the next 7 days:

.. image:: _static/webtop-task1.png

* **Today**: shows unfinished tasks without a start date or with a start date up to today (inclusive) and those completed with an end date up to today (inclusive)
* **Next 7 days**: shows uncompleted tasks with no start date or starting up to 7 days from today and completed tasks with completion date up to now (inclusive)

The remaining 5 buttons allow you to obtain these other types of quick views:

.. image:: _static/webtop-task2.png

* **Not started**: shows only activities with status "To be started" and starting today (inclusive)

> * **Late**: shows only uncompleted tasks with start date up to today (inclusive) and completion date previous to the current one.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Late**: shows only uncompleted tasks with start date up to today (inclusive) and completion date previous to the current one
```

* **Completed**: shows all activities with status completed and with any date range
* **Not completed**: shows all activities with status other than completed and start date within 1 year (for recurring tasks, only the first instance of the series still to be completed is shown)
* **All**: shows all activities in any status (for recurring tasks the series icon main is shown)

Recurring tasks
---------------

It is possible to configure any type of recurrence:

.. image:: _static/webtop-task3.png

Editing a recurring activity can be done in two different ways:

1.  on the individual task by opening it with a double click from a view other than :guilabel:`All`

> In this case the task will be **removed** from the recurrence and its icon will become this one:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  In this case the task will be **removed** from the recurrence and its icon will become this one:
```
